FAQ: Default installation prefix on Linux (#9279)
Homebrew/brew: docs/FAQ.md

hub pull someone_else
```

## Why should I install Homebrew in the default location?

> Homebrew's pre-built binary packages, called [bottles](Bottles.md), of many packages can only be used if you install in the default installation prefix, otherwise they have to be built from source. Building from source takes a long time, is prone to fail, and is not supported. Do yourself a favour and install to the default prefix so that you can use our pre-built binary packages. The default prefix is `/usr/local` for macOS on Intel, `opt/homebrew` for macOS on ARM, and `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` for Linux. *Pick another prefix at your peril!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Homebrew's pre-built binary packages, called [bottles](Bottles.md), of many packages can only be used if you install in the default installation prefix, otherwise they have to be built from source. Building from source takes a long time, is prone to fail, and is not supported. Do yourself a favour and install to the default prefix so that you can use our pre-built binary packages. The default prefix is `/usr/local` for macOS on Intel, `/opt/homebrew` for macOS on ARM, and `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` for Linux. *Pick another prefix at your peril!*
```

Reviewer: Looks good, might be worth checking or linking `Installation.md` which covers some of this.

It is not always straightforward to tell `gem` to look in non-standard directories for headers and libraries. If you choose `/usr/local`, many things will "just work".

## Why does Homebrew on Linux recommend that I install to `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`?

> The precompiled binary bottles of non-relocatable bottles can only be used if you install in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`, otherwise they have to be built from source. Install Homebrew on Linux in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/` if possible so that you can use precompiled binary packages (known as bottles) for non-relocatable formula. If you do not yourself have admin privileges, consider asking your admin staff to create a `linuxbrew` role account for you with home directory `/home/linuxbrew`.

Reviewer 2: Even as a maintainer I barely understand this sentence (relocatable, non-relocatable) so I'm not sure that end users would.

Maybe:

```suggestion
Homebrew's pre-built binary packages of most software can only be used if you install in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`, otherwise they have to be built from source. Building from source can take a long time, is error-prone and isn't as well supported as using our binaries. Install Homebrew on Linux in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/` if possible so that you can use our pre-built binary packages (known as bottles) for formulae. If you do not yourself have admin privileges, consider asking your admin staff to create a `linuxbrew` role account for you with home directory `/home/linuxbrew`.
```

> Homebrew's pre-built binary packages, called bottles, of most software can only be used if you install in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`, otherwise they have to be built from source. Building from source takes a long time, is prone to fail, and is not supported. Install Homebrew on Linux in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/` if possible so that you can use our pre-built binary packages. If you do not yourself have admin privileges, consider asking your admin staff to create a `linuxbrew` role account for you with home directory `/home/linuxbrew`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Homebrew's pre-built binary packages (known as bottles) of most software can only be used if you install in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`, otherwise they have to be built from source. Building from source takes a long time, is prone to fail, and is not supported. Install Homebrew on Linux in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/` if possible so that you can use our pre-built binary packages. If you do not yourself have admin privileges, consider asking your admin staff to create a `linuxbrew` role account for you with home directory `/home/linuxbrew`.
```

I think this is my final edit. 😆

Author: Done!

> Homebrew's pre-built binary packages, called bottles, of most software can only be used if you install in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`, otherwise they have to be built from source. Building from source takes a long time, is prone to fail, and is not supported. Install Homebrew on Linux in `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/` if possible so that you can use our pre-built binary packages. If you do not yourself have admin privileges, consider asking your admin staff to create a `linuxbrew` role account for you with home directory `/home/linuxbrew`. The prefix `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` was chosen so that users without admin access can ask an admin to create a `linuxbrew` role account and still benefit from precompiled binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prefix `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` was chosen so that users without admin access can ask an admin to create a `linuxbrew` role account and still benefit from precompiled binaries. If you do not yourself have admin privileges, consider asking your admin staff to create a `linuxbrew` role account for you with home directory `/home/linuxbrew`. 
```

The rest feels like it sounds specific to Linux when it's not. I'd consider moving or duplicating this onto the Homebrew on Linux page, too.

Author: Done!
